{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 At some point you are under the mistaken impression that the sheilds of being an adult makes things not hurt. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 You are mistaken.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 As you journey through the years of \'93being an adult \'93 by time if not by cultural markers, at least by years on the planet. The fucking, drinking and working you do to pass the time makes for memory you look to as an reference for what comes next- you expect you have experienced both love and grief in equal measure. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Since these things are the two sides of the same coin- you learn to recognize them as they look to you This is not necessarily the way they really are through the prismatic glass of kaleidescopic experience. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The high dive always looked threeatening. The shimmery suburban New Jersey sun, alive with cicadas that buzzed from may to september made the air wiggle seductively. It looked like a white, curled, dirty lip, held up with an eiffel tower of stairs whose treads were made of fine grit sandpaper. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 She lay there on one of the towels her mother deemed OK to take to the pool. It had that consistency of scratchy that old towels take on, like they have been wrung one too many times and all the fluff was gone. It was a deep burgundy, which made an oblong in the cool grass under the roof of trees that lived outside the chainlink fence that surrounded the chlorine scented concrete . 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Her legs were in teh sun and her upper torso in the shade. She had balled up her shirt to prop her head, making the roundness of her belly the hill over which she watched the high dive. The \'a0unused \'a0but curious vagina lay just beyond the rise of it, the deep belly button making a divot that separated the hillocks. She was fat- not in reality but in her teenage head, with all the things that came alongwith that dreaded designation. It was destined to be baby fat, melting away with years but she didn\'92t know that yet. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The boys in their bright colored board shorts were recklessly climbing up the tower- alien beings that she never raised an eye to in school hallways, but could watch with abandon behind the shade of the trees and the darkest sunglasses she could find at CVS. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Long, loose limbs touched the stairs and rails, insolent to gravity. \'a0The possibility of swift contact with concrete had made her unable to take those
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 stairs yet. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Awkwardly getting to her feet \'a0suddenly aware of every body part, and none of them seemed to belong on her. She was determined to make that stop- it was too much to navigate not to be ok in her body. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The medium dive- not even very medium. It was only a third ashigh as the high dive. The silvery rails curved out though- flat on top and bottom and convex on teh ends. Only three stairs to get up . Th eease implied her entrance to the water would be just as smooth, 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 There was an order to this- when you took your turn at the dive it was your responsbility to make sure you didn\'92t go barreling into the person who had come off the high dive. The heirarchy expected that you would bow to those who would take the bigger risk. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The beauty of the boys- their endless shouting of incomprehensible curses and gibes coupled with their seal wet hair- it made her eyes hurt. The bodies described slow arcs that seemed to last forever until the air and water and body connected, \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 She had ditched school for the first time right before the summer. Hitching a ride down to train station had been easy- when the St Martins girls got off the bus, so did she. The train was right there. Freshman year was suppsoed to be easier than middle school. It was not. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Imperfect skin and hair and nails can render you a pariah before you open your mouth. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The money from babysitting in the pocket of her catholic school regulated pants, she clutched her bag and sat on the train seat, terrified that the conductor would notice she should be in school and send her back, shame faced and in trouble No one noticed her.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0  She did not exist . It was heaven for the spacetime of 40 minutes. The change in Newark was a bit confusing, floods of peoplel streaming from all directions. She pulled herself outof it and watched, looking to the faces and the yellow lettered board. the names were lke something from a war movie- C3 and platform and gate and Bleeker and Christopher- she imagined all of them piled in some foxhole, avoiding shrapnel. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Walking the streets was like a roller coaster ride for the soul. Dodging people as they 
\f1\fs24 \
}