{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green68\blue82;\red249\green250\blue250;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Artist Don, 77 \'97 who created the plastic pink flamingo lawn ornament in the 70s \'97 proposed to Nancy on their first date in 1976.
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 I\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
it was a first date. She had fluffed her hair with her left hand, pulling her face so close to the mirror that she almost fell through the looking glass. She made "makeup faces" turning her head this way and that to see if her skin looked right in any light. \
\
Her mum had set it up with the neighbor lady, \
\
"He's really quite nice- never been married, and very good prospects!"\
\
She wanted him to be nice. As a single lady of 24 in 1964 Britain, she had only a few options open to her. Being a shop girl or a secretary didn't appeal- so for now she worked in her mother's seamstress shop. Mending wasn't exciting, but it made the hours pass and Mum kept a steady flow of conversation throughout the day.i\
\
\
\

\b \ul Second Draf
\b0 \ulnone t\
\
\
It was a first date. She had fluffed her hair with her left hand, pulling her face so close to the mirror that she almost fell through the looking glass. She made "makeup faces" turning her head this way and that to see if her skin looked right in any light.It did. He was older- that made her go all aflutter. \
\
\
Since it was the year of the centennial, she had made a red white and blue ensemble that set off her bright blue eyes and dark hair. Forgoing the expected American flag theme in favor of the Union jack, her jaunty red jacket and carnaby street inspired summer dress made her legs feel light and swirly, and her whole self glowed with happy. \
\
The date was set up by her Mom, who ran the "Sew Good It Hurts" shop in the small town of Fitchberg massachussets. At 23, she was just out of community colliege and helped mom in the shop. However, given the fact that her fertility was at it's peak, if she was going to be a mother she would have to hop to finding a man soon. The boys at the community college seemed to be all "Free Love" and wore terrible bell bottom jeans. She could forgive the free love part, but not the bad outfits. Fashion was her life, and had been since she made her first barbie outfits at the age of five with scraps from the shop wrapped haphazardly around the blonde dolls. She made all her own clothes, and the other girls in town would come to her for a special occasion dress. She loved bright colors and fabrics- the pleasure of turning a bolt of featureless fabric into something that made sense and could be used pleased her Yankee practicality. \
\
\
 The 70's were a puzzling time to be young. There only seemed to be one path to happiness, and given her contentment with rhythmic sound of the sewing machine, she wasn't sure that marriage was really for her. But, if mama had done nothing else she had pounded practicality into her. After Pap died when the machine in the ball bearing factory in Worcester where he worked fell over on him, riddling his corpse with tiny silver bb's that roiled round his coffin even after the embalmng, Ma had kept it together for her young daughter by working days and nights and weekends. A few gentleman callers had come by here and there- but Ma had spotted them for the low rent grifters they were, looking at her modest nest egg with hungry eyes. \
\
\
This man sounded like he was someone different from them with their brylcreemed hair. He was an artist from NorthHampton. His claim to fame was designing a hot pink flamingo, which had become all the rage . His name was Don Featherstone- she tried it out with her own name "Nancy Featherstone"- it had a nice ring to it. \
\
\
Looking around her childhood room, she carefully put the brushes back in their holders and took one last look in the mirror. "Good enough for all practical purposes " she smiled at herself.\
\
The sound of the bell  met her halfway down the stairs. Careful not to look too eager, she called to her mother to answer. She waited for 5 minutes, and when there was no answer she decided just to open the door herself. \
\
\
\
Don Featherstone had discovered he was an artist almost by accident. He spent his early life making copies of the world around him, in his town of Berlin Ma.It was a nice place to grow up, sylvan and  community oriented. Since graduating from the Worcester Museum school, he had taken a solid job at Union Products, designing copies of animals for front yard use. While it was not anything that changed the world , it was comfortable and made him a nice living. The foofaraw that happened when that Waters fellow made a movie named after his most famous creation was silly, but gave him a nice bit of notoriety. Lately tho he had been feeling lonely- like there was some half of him missing. The rhythms of work were soothing but he truly longed for a partner- someone to show the newest creation to, someone to share dinner with. \
\
So when one of his co worker had set him up on a blind date with a woman 17 years his junior, he resolved to go into it full force. Generally quiet by nature, he hoped she liked to talk-it would take some of the pressure off him. Small talk escaped him as a way to connect- the work he did generally substituted for that form of communication. He was also gregarious at times- generally those that happened at the local watering hole with colleagues. All during the ride over he practiced his "hellos" and tried to come up with easy words. Pulling up at the address, he gave up- a single hi would have to do. \
\
So as he ascended the stairs of the modest but neat house he had hopes\'85.but they were far surpassed by the vision of loveliness that opened the door precisely 7 minutes after he rang the bell. She wore a red jacket that showed off the bright crown of chestnut hair, and her blue eyes were like shy 4th of july sparklers. He fell instantly, irrevocably in love. \
\
\
She opened the door and was pleasantly surprised by the man who stood before her. He was distinguished with intelligent blue eyes and grey  touching the temples of his  dark hair. He wore a Hawaiian shirt with a dark green background and so many pink flamingos on it she almost could not see the man for the lushness of his clothing. Slightly dizzy with the feeling that she knew him from somewhere, she opened her mouth and said  "I'm Nancy" and stuck her hand out to him. \
\
He took it gently, and with a broad smile that showed a gap in his front teeth, he said " Well hello there- My name is Don. " They stood there grinning like idiots for a moment longer then was necessary, drinking in the feeling that fate was being kind today. \
\
The rest of the date went by in a haze- they walked from her mother's house to the WeatherVane seafood house. Bea greeted them, knowing Nancy from the monthly visits she and her mother indulged in\
\
Ordering cod and glasses of white wine, they fell into an easy and charming discourse, talking about his work, talking about her work and hopes for her own fashion line. They discovered a certain sympathy of sensibilities, a rhythmym that was unhurried but somehow exactly the right thing. After dinner they walked the suburban streets for an hour until they reached the playground. She sat on the swing, dropping her summer sandals off her feet and letting the chains gently swing her back and  forth. He stood and they continued talking as the sun reached towards the earth. \
\
\
"I have a question to ask you". he said \
\
She looked up at him and smiled "Yes?"\
\
"Will you marry me?" \
\
Slightly floored, but possessing an equanimity that is only the province of the young- she simply said "Yes". \
\
'\
\
\
\
\
 \
\
\
\
}