{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 More extra stuff \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\fs24 \cf0 I life had so many blacked out moments- years and years of work life wIe I would wake up and tIe would be money on the bedside table, I soiled panties tangled  round the heels of I platforms, a used condom hanging out of I vagine. The bird named Elvis would do that bobbing thing.,staring at I with head cocked off to the side. It wasn't many hookers that had an attack Parrot, but I had gotten him from the Pirates Union after starring as their sleeping beauty in their yearly production of Disney Fairy Tales Gone Horribly Wrong. \
\
I face would be covered with sleep gook, the corners of I mouth tight with drool. I should sigh, feed the bird and then wander over to the shower absently. I fell asleep in so many places that I no longer felt it was a good idea to stand up in the shower. Awakening with a concussion one too many times had caused I to start strapping Iself in as much as humanly possible. I would  wake up, the water long cold , a human sized prune.\
\
This time it had been the manager of the Apache nation. They knew one anotI from the Indian Rights Riots of 2449. He had asked I to wear a John Wayne costume and whip him with a lasso. It cost enough to make I rent for the moment. \
\
My client list was extensive, and most of them checked in on I every few weeks- trying to ensure I was indeed alive. Being awake and being aslee\
are not necessarily mutually exclusive states - the amount and quality of understanding does not preclude eitI state given enough diligence. \
\
I had a normal childhood as far that counted- I parents were as supportive as they could be. After all, what could you offer to a child that would check out halfway through eitI the scolding or the encouragement? \
\
\
With twins.\
\
I shouted at the colonel- \'93How the HELL could you have let this happen? \'93 \
\
The colonel stroked his mustache, looking oddly like a frog. \'93Well, I could only stand outside the door. You rejected the  video cam idea\'94 \
\
\'93Because you were going to use it to blackmail the Senator. \'93\
\
\'93Well, it\'92s probably his babies- I didn\'92t make him wear a condom. He paid extra. \'93\
\
What was I goingt to do. Pregnancy was not on teh agenda for my intermittent life. As I said, sleeping and cleaning up after sex was the only two things that I could do. My spine stiffened- I could not carry these babies to term . Coud I? \
\
I looked at the Colonel and he seemed unmoved by my obvious distresss. \
\
"You got me into this- you have better get me out. And that was the last thing I knew for a long long time. \
\
The colonel did not want to lose his gold mine. He had done this intentionally. After all, the Senator was going to have to pay a bunch of money to ensure that this didn\'92t get out. Twins tho- that was a bonus he had\'92t expected . While Veronica was sleeping and fucking most days he finally learned how to put her in a coma. After all, she was halfway there, right? \
\
\
}