{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 The Narcoleptic Whore \
By Risa Dale \
C.2014 \
Portland/Sayulita\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
I charged but was never paid- I fell asleep before collecting. Colonel Cardoza took care of that. It mostly worked out. \
\
\
After he approached me, we decided that he was going to take on the risks- that was going to include at the very least,standing       by the door as I had my trysts with men who liked banging women asleep. It wasn't as though I was using my southern hemisphere for anything. It was just there, buried under the sleeping beauty outfit, mostly disinterested.\
\
The colonel had found me in the Bedporium.\
\
 The sleep attacks had started in my teens - I would be on the way to class, trapper keeper held tight under left arm always, ready to algebraic or socially study. Then I would awake to worried faces over me, disoriented by the sudden shift of perspective from straight ahead to straight up. I managed to finish school to the end of high school and then gave up- the ability to get up when I was almost always ass down was not conducive to the college experience. \
\
\
Since the only time I had ever had proper \'93relations\'94 as my mother called it was with Jimmy Collins when I was 15- I had promptly fallen asleep as soon as he put it in. \
\
Being 15, he thought he killed me, and left in a hurry, leaving me sticky stomached.He studiously avoided me at school until graduation. I was dumbly hurt, but understanding. Who would want a girl who couldn\'92t be depended on not to snore in Physics 1? \
\
After that. What was the point? \
\
\
So I took jobs that could support me. The one that I kept the longest was a model in a bed store. They paid  me to sleep in the window on the various beds. \
\
\
Madhu, the owner of the Bedporium had told me his country's version of the Sleeping Beauty tale - essentially the king rapes a sleeping girl who is holed up in her own castle, minding her own beeswax while being cursed. After knocking her up and wandering off , he forgets her. \
\
Until all of a sudden the woman he is married to gets suspicious about the fact that he seems to go on hunting trips a lot. So she goes looking for the cause and finds Beauty and her two  children by the king with the wandering willy. The children  almost end up  dead in a pot due to the jealous queen\'92s revenge. King Whipitout averts disaster, but only just. \
\
The jealous queen is then made to eat hot rocks until her head explodes, leaving King WW free to marry Beauty. \
\
I regard this as kind of fucked up, and say so. Madhu tells me not to think too hard. It\'92s just a story. \
\
\
So I do my  thing- sleeping in the various beds that he has stacked up around the store. Queens, Kings, Twins, - whatever he had the most of he would push it into the window and order me to  lie there as seductively as possible. In his eyes, seductive was lying with my legs stiff out, my arms folded over my chest and a lily between my breasts. \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 Don't get married he said . I had just finished  my shift .It was 12 hours of being on display in the window. The street was off the main drag in a small town in PA . While I liked the work, I was starting to \'a0feel unfulfilled. The man had been hanging about the futon display. I wore a Sleeping Beauty outfit, and one of the puffy sleeves was crushed from I moving in in my sleep. \
\
The man had a mid career Dali style mustachio and was wearing a white suit .....\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
\'93Do you have representation?\'94 He asked. \
\
I looked him up and down- \'93Who are you? And why do you care?\'94\
\
\
\'93Im Colonel Cardoza . I\'92m here to help you get to the next thing. \
\
I considered him. I knew I probably only had about 7 minutes before I fell asleep again. \
\
\'93Make your pitch fast guy-I don\'92t have a long attention span. Or forever !\
\
Don\'92r get married he says again.\
\
\'93Why, what would that do? \'93 I responded with genuine curiosity \
\
\'93The same as you do now, just worse. \
\
I laughed. And then fell asleep on my feet. When I awoke the man was standing over me. He had obviously tried to catch me, because his formerly immaculate white suit had a smear of the heavy pancake makeup  the BedPorium favored across the right side of his jacket. The bottom of the smear was bright red, as they required I to wear \'93Passion\'92s Lost\'94 lipstick. \
\
During the sleep cycle I had dreamed of many things -   the cataplexy that sent I off to dreamland resulted in I entering REM instantly. I thought that a man in a white suit told I not to get married. Given that this man was standing in front of me, I supposed that it wasn\'92t exactly a hallucination \
\
\'93SO - again- why should I not get married? \'93\
\
\'93You could have a fulfilling career in the hospitality business.  Meet new people, make interesting connections\'93\
\
Regarding him with a jaundiced eye, I figured he was one more scammer - but a well dressed  one. \
\
I was getting tired of sleeping for a living. It took up so much of my time that my memory no longer seemed to have anything in it besides pressed tin ceilings and 3 minute conversations. At the very least, I could afford some somnographic help.The GE mentality manipulator cost a bundle. I had saved up 3 thousand dollars for it, and needed 12 thousand more. It was an implant behind my ear, and a cloud connection that was trained to awaken me once it recognized that I was in deep REM. The top of the line model would also record the dreams for later review. That cost an additional 5 grand. \
\
\
I decided right then  to go ahead and let this happen. After all, what else was there? More time spent asleep? \
\
\
Colonel Cardoza  was a man of many talents. Most of them were useless. But this young lady looked to be a goldmine. In between those with sleeping beauty fetishes and the ones he could blackmail because he fucked her to death- this was going to be GREAT!\
\
He had started his pimping career in the back streets of Lebanon, Pennsylvania . Actually working never appealed to him, but nice suits and good meals certainly did. The way to acquire these things was usually on the back of someone else. The neighborhood girls really wanted to make some extra cash- getting out of the neighborhood was the idea. Some of them made their bank and skeedaddled. Some of them got stuck - he never drugged them, but he never told them no either if they were so inclined. \
\
\
The colonel set up an apartment in Old Town Portland for me. It was up a flight of stairs that were wide and canted, so when you achieved the wander up to the landing they felt a bit off kilter to begin with. The double doors had huge metal pulls that looked like bulls heads- the john had to grasp at least one of the rings of the bullnose for it to work. \
\
Once the door was opened I would be laid out in state.In the middle of the huge bed, I would be in the same position as when I worked at the Bedporium. Hyacinths and lilies would be clustered in my hands. The johns would have to take them out to to get to the love shack. Since they preferred a woman who lay still and shut up, the natural turn of the body would cover the only thing that they actually valued. \
\
\
 They were able to ask for special outfits, but generally the default was the  Sleeping Beauty outfit. No one ever complained about it. Because it was made of obscure fabrics, it got sent to a special dry cleaner. The inscrutable Mr. Yam, who was of Polynesian descent, shook is head when Bernico would come in with it. That, the Snow White, the Ariel, the  Furry, the Princess Lei- the list was endless. The ability for the colonel to project any fantasy onto my blank canvas of sleep had made us both very rich. After all, the desire to be in charge of who you love is only one aspect of a fully Maslowed life. \
\
\
\
No one ever complained- not that I knew about, because I was asleep. The colonel would tell them to go to the address, and I would wake up with the dress rucked up. Since they used protection , I just sat around in a funk of lube and latex most afternoons, counting my dollars and taking long hot baths. They had built a special support for me so that I would not slip into the tub and die. He kept it to three a day- although he could have had it be twenty for all I knew- the misery of my condition was that once I became excited the catapalexy would kick in. In place of actual experience, I had a dream life that included lots of tunnels an bridges and explosions. Until one day I woke up with a dead body on top of me . \
\
Dead. Like no life. A complete lack of movement.\
\
No longer alive. Completely, utterly, without any breath at all. And to make matters worse- it was the Senator. The Senator was married, and obviously not to me. He was also very heavy. It must have been about 289 lbs of man on top of about 130 lbs of me, my active live while i was sleeping able to keep me trim even tho excersize wasn't much of an option for someone who could only stay awake 7 minutes at at time. \
\
I yelled for the Colonel, who had an office outside the bullheaded doors. It seemed hours before he responded. The body had shat itself , ruining the burgundy brocade comforter that draped the football field sized  four poster bed that I was in. I had stipulated that all sexual acts should have sufficient amount of space for me to have a three foot no disc space should things go horribly wrong. While The colonel had agreed to this, it wasn\'92t much help given the lack of autonomy when I was sleeping.  It was also in the first stages of rigor, so it must have been quite a few hours before I had awoken. This was a troubling detail for me- my sleep periods seemed to get longer and longer as this career went on. \
\
\
The colonel swept in, looking dapper in his trademark 3 piece white suit. I had asked him to dispense with the black string tie because it made him look too much like a hawker of breaded  chicken products and not enough like the pimp that he was. \
\
"He's dead" !!!!!\
\
I regarded him as witheringly as one can under three hundred lbs of congressional weight. \
\
"No shit- get him off me!!!"\
\
The room was hung with the stench of sex and death. For those of you who don\'92t know, death smells like equal parts shit and library paste. Sex, this version ,had a distinctive Astroglide flair to it. \
\
\
This was accomplished by calling Bernico, the footman. We really went all out on the Sleeping Beauty detailsm but could not afford a fullsize footman. So Bernico was hired- as a little person he was strong  for his size and had learned to use leverage. The two of them twisted the body sufficiently so that I could wriggle out from under him \
\
"Now what shall we do? "\
\
As I was only the talent, I offered no opinion. What would you do with a  dead Senator?  And the representative of record for the Apache nation. Whose reclamation bill was on the floor of the House this afternoon. While I was rarely awake for the actual encounters, the Senator had  a tendency to stay. There was a budget crisis in DC so he had to share a secret service agent with the republican from Iowa. The Iowa senator was banging Wheatina, the gender neutral blond asian across the way. They were much louder than we were, and would take hours.\
\
\
The colonel looked concerned, but not really worried. \'93 We will call his people and have him picked up\'94 \
\
The man who showed up was brawny and dressed in a suit with a bright red hanky. It was a classically blue suit, the kind with the ghost stripes that bespoke more money than even the Colonel would see in a week. Oddly, he just tucked the 280 lb body of the dead man under his arm and continued down the stairs. A cadre of other people came with him, but they spoke in hushed tones and avoided my gaze Which as we know didn\'92t have much weight- a whore is a whore after all. \
\
\
\
The entire world knew about the senator. Now I couldn't go anywhere without a paparazzi hounding me for a quote. I was distressed- this was supposed to be way of meeting new people and expanding my horizons! I hadn't counted on the fact that those things often include unwanted pictures  come down hard on you for fucking someone to death. And I was ASLEEP when it happened- what else could I have done? \
\
\
My fear of sleep (which is what the extremely expensive somnographer informed me was what caused my narcolepsy ) became even more pronounced. Once they shoved a camera and a mic in my face I would seize up like the engine of a 68 bug with no oil in it- eyes staring, mind blank, I didn't know what to say. The colonel was no help. He was busy writing his tell all saga and booking himself on various talk shows. \
\
Now that people knew, I was no longer able to take on clients. Who wants a formerly discreet whore who now had her face splashed on every tabloid ? \
\
The colonel kicked me out and set up Bernico's ssiter as the new Sleeping Beauty. While she was not a real narcoleptic, she was able to pull the freaks in by virtue of being half my size and age. \
\
Evidently one ages out of being a sleeping beauty too. Eventually, the Senator's people paid me off enough money to set me up in a small town in Montana. I run a sleep clinic there. It turned out that he was sniffing high quality glue and that caused his untimely demise in mid-thrust. While I was a little sad about it- it didn't surprise me. And now I was free.....\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}