{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 who: HJ
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 When: one summer
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 how: becomes a man by becoming independent of his mother
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 why: because
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 what: rex and the bayonet
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 My name is Halloween Jack, and it fits me. Only because I was born on one of those days where the sun and the earth perfectly aligned, and my mother cried out in fear at the dark light when I was born. She was never without a hint of that the rest of the time I knew her.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 My true Jack O Lantern nature- the wavery light behind the eyes, the wide grin that leaves open space- would be revealed that summer I was 15. The jack O lantern was named for the will o the wisp \'93foolish fires\'94 that would lead travelers astray as they made their way towards a home light that didn\'92t really exist.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I had a childhood, lived in her house and began to do civil war reenactments when I was 15, because Lotte Boule, her best friend... felt that I should have other interests besides helping her in and out of her wheelchair. Did I mention she was 400 lbs and ate only twinkies and bourbon. She was afraid of vegetables. You ask- what does all this have to do with Rex and the bayonet? I'm getting there- it all goes together
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 My mother\'92s name was Candelora Baker and she became pregnant with me after a late night spent working a forklift at the local printing plant. We live in a very small town, and the people here make do with what they can when they can. There isn't much to do, and my father was one more trucker who rolled through the night dragging eighteen wheels and metal box behind his pinup emblazoned mud flapped ass.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Momma never told me his name, and I suspect that she didn't ask for her own reasons. Back then she held herself high above the common herd, having been to a local community college and planning her escape from the confines of the longest mall strip in southern Kentucky.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 But the nights of too much studying took their toll, and in my mind I could see him, tall and possessing a full set of teeth and perhaps some swagger that men get when they walk into a place knowing that they can walk back out again.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 He saw a woman sitting on a plastic chair in the corner. Her hair had been tucked up earlier in the evening and her glasses were askew from having nodded off while watching the press do it\'92s infinite up and down. Her sleepy eyes widened and she stood, displaying a body that had none too many miles on it yet.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Words weren\'92t necessary for what happened next-they made quick, passionate love on a bale of packing peanuts . I came along 9 months later, putting paid to the career in data entry that my mother had wanted so badly.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I came downstairs on the summer of my 15
\fs18 \super th
\fs30 \nosupersub  year- the weak morning sunlight ate through the window like bile on the worn carpet. The front room had all the furniture out of it so Mam could move her rascal chair about. It was one of those automated ones that was a second- that meant that she could be going along happily when one wheel would spasm wildly twisting this way and that and making her progress in the world as herky jerky as you might think.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 And I knew- something about the way that mam shifted on her bed made it time to go and do the chores for her. They were exact and structured- she must be wiped down in concentric circles, the wheels of her chair oiled, the mind of her cat cleansed and a certain level of general hygiene to be attached to the rest of the house.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'93Hygiene, Jack, is the sign of a higher being. Dirty people do dirty things. \'93
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I would numbly nod, not really understanding but not wishing to appear stupid.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Lotte would talk to me about her sometimes, trying to explain in a way my small circled mind would understand.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \'93If you as person knew about how many, many, MANY things happened to the woman who sits in that chair, you would not have that idea in your head about her no sir, you would not. There were so many sad endless nights for her - when you were a baby, she would rock you to sleep , not yet confined to the rolling prison of her own flesh.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The house we lived in slanted to one side- it made pushing Mam round a tad more difficult .
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Lotte worked at the Jubitz as the general manager. Mam sometimes did their books, and that was how they became friends. Long nights watching the trucks come in and out of the huge parallel lines talking in desultory voices about the amount of fizz in the Dr. Pibb made them if not friends, at least people who knew something about each other. That was how things worked there, - people knew you - or they didn\'92t . It was something I could never properly get used to- that people knew of me and around me, but seemed to look right thru me on a daily basis.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Not used to it. But OK with it.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I had never really touched another person before the re-enactments. Touching my mother was different- that was a part of my being because I had to do for her in every way. She lost mobility to help herself when I was about 10, and being a beanpole of a child helped- I could reach all the way across the country of her flesh to clean her.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  In many ways I was an adult before I was a child, in that same way you see children who dance on television. Their responses, while rehearsed carefully over and over seem as though they are awkwardly stuck on, a skin suit that doesn\'92t quite fit and somehow makes the fine movements of children grosser and less able.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0  Chapter The Second
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The Eighth Texas Calvary had had it\'92s finest moment \'a0in Bardstown in 1862 . Nothing else of note had happened in Bardstown, with the exception of my birth in the intervening 210 years.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Since that was the amount of battles the fine men led by General John Wharton, I thought perhaps it was a sign, especially for me. In 1977, it seemed that I was destined to be part of the pageant; the parade I felt was always passing by just out of earshot, just out of reach.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I dreamed of being one of the soldiers, musket strapped \'a0to my back and the sound of the minie balls in \'a0air, whistling. It was the the thing I heard the most of when my daydreams led me far from Ms. Barton\'92s geometry class.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 As you passed the Quality Inn on the south side of town , near Delaney's Store on 31E on the way to Nazareth-you could hear the ghost feet sometimes. At least that is what I convinced myself of when I dressed myself in the replica \'a0clothes that Lotte Boule had made for me on her off time. In some ways she was more mother to me than my mother, actually paying attention to what I might need as a human being. She will always be my first love for that. The clothes were made of reworked carhartts and some pieces she had found in my Grampa\'92s attic.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Grampa \'a0\'a0died when I was 10. That sucked. He was a man of few words and even fewer ideas. I had gone into his bedroom and sat down next to him as he lay in bed. He was the only man who ever spent time in the house besides me. He had that scent of old that still can frighten me if I catch a whiff of it-it carried decay into my nostrils and up to my childish brain. It made a picture in my head of hospital beds and \'a0moss grown gravestones. He just looked at me for the longest moment ever- stretching it like toffee made of ashes. Then he was gone.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The bayonet I carried was in less than perfect condition- it was obvious that it had had some parts broken off and that an unskilled hand had put it back together. It had a long thin barrel of some marled wood with a thin groove that ran along the top- that was the blood drain . The knife portion had been wired back on, one of the original screws missing . The wire was wrapped in some kind of rope that had been metalized, and it made the knife point off to the side instead of smoothly towards the enemy. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  The piercing of the enemy at a short range- the need to look into the eyes of another being as you took it\'92s life- I wondered. Because life at that time didn\'92t seem to me to be a thing worth keeping, and I wondered if those who had it removed via that gun welcomed it as a chance to hand a gift to an enemy.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 But I did believe in being prepared, nonetheless. So I marched with a broomstick in the boots I got from Papa in the backyard, as many times as I could, back and forth, forth and back.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 So when I started the first, the very first battle of my career my hands and feet were callused already. I wanted to make a good impression on Rex- I knew that he was the holder of the weapons, holder of the grace. Keeper of all that meant so much to 15 year old me. I thought that if I could impress him with my marching there would be finally a moment and place where I fit in the world- a spot where it didn't feel too big or too small.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 A place where I was something other than the sum of being a mistake made by two lonely people, one disappearing and one staying here but imploding slowly, like a leaf off a tree.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I did not know that these thoughts were \'a0no more special or different from other people - I did know that it was my moment to shine. So I squared my shoulders and tucked the wooden gun over the thin bony right one . It\'92s twin was pulled back in a vain attempt to make my chest appear larger than it was. Sadly, this was not a strategy that worked, and the guy who stood next to me asked me if I was feeling OK.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 They talk about flashbulb memory, and I see these things from that day
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Flash: Lines of men, all in similarly itchy clothing, pulling flasks from their pockets and shifting from foot to foot. The lines they stood in were not in between any other lines.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Flash: The kentucky sunlight, flat, hard and unusually strong for that time of year. Late fall should have \'a0softened it like soaking bourbon mash, but for some reason did not.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Flash: Lotte Boule on the sideline, her kerchief hiding the fading blonde of her hair, but not the broad spread of her middle aged bosom. \'a0She was enamored of Rex, hence her desire for my participation. Rex owned the auto body shop on the outskirts of town, and was the closest you could come to an Eligible Bachelor in Bardstown. Lotte had dreams too, although she did not share them often.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Flash: Mam sitting next to her, tilted. It rent my heart that she could never seem to sit up straight, but this time was supposed to be my moment to make her proud. Also, even though the entire town knew who I was and how we lived- I had to pretend not to be known while I did this. It made me someone else.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Someone who could be worthy of the bayonet. I hoped that if I did a good enough job that Rex would let me keep it in my room at least. In preparation for this, I had pounded two pegs into the wall above my bed, hopefully the place where it would rest when not clutched in my bony hands.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Flash: the blue line of men on the other side of the field, their lines straighter than mine.Their faces looked shiny and fleshy with sweat. Somehow the color was darker in the sun- the hard light should have washed it out, but made it deeper.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 I could see Gerard D\'92Amboux on the other side- he was in my Geometry class, and sometimes I stared at him, not sure what I was looking for. Was it me wanting to be him? Was it me being in love with him? At 15, I did not have words for all the feelings I had for a similar person. All I knew was that if he looked back I immediately pulled my face back in on itself, hoping not to be seen.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 But this was what Lotte had forced me out here for- to be seen, to touch someone other than Mam.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30  
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 So we marched, and started to re- enact the battle, which mostly had consisted of General Wharton\'92s men , 66 of which had died during this battle , throwing themselves at the artillery with reckless abandon. While they had expired, they had also \'a0gained ground. That seemed to be the only \'a0correct measurements to me- the trading of a breath for some footage of ground. Never having been out of Bardstown made this arithmetic reasonable to me. So even though I really didn\'92t know what i was doing, I threw every ounce of my adolescent body into it, shouting a tenor war cry that harmonized well with the rest of teh baritones. the heat of the bodies around me, the stench of sweat, the knowledge that this was my moment all pulledt ogether until that moment- when I tripped. And fell. And took down 5 other re- enactors with me.....
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 When I got up- the bayonet was broken. And it was stuck in me somehow . The haze of other people was around me- I didn\'92t know how or why it was all happening, just that i was both catylyst and stop sign in something that had never happened before.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The tangle of limbs and sweat and sharp edges was making me want to climb out of my skin- no place seemed up or down and \'a0the sounds of the men milling around us disoriented me even more. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 When the smoke cleared , Cully Northland and Foster Williams both had parts of them entangled with parts of me. They were both from the other side of town, where nothing was held together by string. They stood, one long and lean and blonde and the other stocky and dark of face. I was in a prone position, my hands and knees scraped and the bayonet underneath my half turned body .
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0  The combination of embarassment and mortification were almost too much to bear, but I could hear Gramps voice in my ear- \'93 Get up you little fucker!- don\'92t let them see you down.....\'94 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 The original battle was one where they were outnumbered 4 to one and they had succeeded by a strategic departure to Perryville. I wished more than anything to be in Perryville. It was about 5 miles distant. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 But Mam and Lotte were \'a0right there- they would know of my shame. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 I looked up and caught Mam\'92s eye. She looked worried, but proud. In some perverse way, I knew that was the only thing that I was really looking for, some place to let me shine in those eyes that were reflected by her spectacles. That one moment where I was not perfect- but still loved.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 I picked myself up and dusted myself off. I picked up both of the pieces of the bayonet and marched my way through the rest of that sweaty, dry day. Everything hurt, but at least my shame was covered by the whoops and hollers of the other men around me. I even forgot myself so much as to whoop along with them 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 After the re- enactment I sat down on the dry grass next to Mama and Lotte. The bayonet sat next to me, mournful in it\'92s destruction. They had set up a picnic on the patchwork quilt that Mam\'92s mam had made 20 years before. Lotte patted my hand and smiled. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Rex came and sat down with us, eyeing the bowl of cold fried chicken as much as he was eying Lotte. His moustache was truly munificent, catching the last beams of the sun. At that moment I wished the quilt could cover me . I studied the pattern with a ferocity that should have burned holes in it. My face was red and felt as though it would peel off my skull. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \'93Miss Lotte, thank you so much for the invitation to dinner. Lucinda, Jack-\'94 he nodded at us, confirming that he was there for us as well. His hair had cut itself free of it\'92s brylcreem and hung in dashing swoops . 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 Lotte chattered at him, making sure his bowl was fulll. Filling my hands with food I hung my head, awaiting the moment when Rex would chide me for my bayonet destruction. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \'93Jack- ya\'92ll broke that bayonet dintcha? \'93 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \'93yessir\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 \'93Ya\'92ll should come by the shop- we can fix that\'94. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f2\fs30 \cf0 That was the moment that I knew life would be worth living after all. }