{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The death of Colette Ryan\
\
Theme- coming of age \
\
\
Colette Ryan was born in Lebanon  Pennsylvania in the summer of 1949. \
\
The trees and forests surrounding gave way to large fields with grain crops. That day was one where the moon still held teh sky hostage at 8 AM. The town was about full with people who had used to have many things to do, but no longer had that many. They ambled rather than ran. Her birth was attended by her mother's sister  Clayre who was a midwife. \
\
\
 Coming out of her mother had taken more hours than a workday, less than a full turn of the sun.  Mumma lay on the bed, spent from her endeavors and knowing that the child that was here would not stay. Her Father was a wandered- she would be too. Even in the womb, she had sloshed one way and the other, whenever she rolled from one side of her to the other the baby felt as though she was bracing herself inside. Her father had impregnated her after returning from The War- and then he went away to look for work, and gradually disappeared, the money sent from California becoming sporadic and then stopping, like the needle. \
\
\
Her Aunt brought her to the window after wiping the mucous out of her nose and snipping the cord.\
The window showed a face that looked like a button, mouth turned down and wide eyes. Her aunt started at the knowing look in them, seeming to come from a much older soul. \
\
\
Mumma would remonstrate her later about being foolish. Clayre would just smile. \
\
\
\
She sang as she walked home from her job at the local Acme, the grim warehouse of food where she wore a navy pinafore over her hiphuggers and gauzy shirt. Pressing buttons on the cash register, making change, mechanically smiling at the same people purchasing the same food over and over. She had finished high school the previous fall. \
\
"All the leaves are brown\'85..and the sky is grey\'85 I' been for a walk - on a winter's day\'85 . It was a winter's day, 1967. Her wooly coat didn't cover her pinafore, and as she trudged through the snow it caught between her thighs. The road was about 3 miles from her mother's house, a tightly packed colonial in a suburb that was more of afterthought than anything else.The unrelenting sameness of the houses was enough to make her heart hurt- she longed for some type of adventure that didn't end in some flannel shirted boy trying to grab her breasts.  \
\
\
\
\
They had posters up in the bus station - and it said "Berkeley California- 75$" She reckoned that 25$ she would have left over from her 100$ birthday gift was enough to start a life. Especially in the golden land that was California. She had seen hippies on the small black and white set that stared back at the floral settee in the front room.  Knowing that they were there and she was here made her yearn for her people- yearn for a place where her voice would blend with others in a sweet harmony. \
\
\
\
The splatter of muddy water that hit the back and sides of her legs interrupteed her reverie. Cold trickled inside her socks and came to rest inside her shoes, making them squishy and squelch as she continued her trudge up the hill. She slammed into the house with a heavy sigh- mumma was in the kitchen, making bread dough. The overhead light shone through her blonde hair, picking out the silvery threads. \
\
"What's for dinner? "\
\
"Wash up and set the table- whatever it is - you'll eat it and like it!" \
\
Another heavy sigh from Colette as she made her way to the bathroom at the end of the long hallway. She shrugged off her coat and pinafore, tossing it disdainfully into a heap underneath the coat hook. She looked in the mirror, her stick straight auburn hair framing a pale, strong jawed face. Her eyes were a peculiar shade of hazel, lighter brown  on the inside ring. Crazy eyes, her mumma called them. The look in them was usually one of general distrust leavened with a dash of defiance. The constant shade of her feather's departure \
made her mother kind of crazy, \
\
She thought about that night when she planked herself on the GreyHound - how that ws the turn of her life from endless mud brown to the shine of california sun and the waving of the ppm trees. There were only 96 more hours before her stepping up the stairs of the bus became the first steps towards a new life. \
\
Mumma hadn\'92t cared what she did, as long as her share of house money came in. Her restlessness that summer was epic- wandering the grassy hills late at night, avoiding the hordes of post high school teens that drank bones hill in the woods. Even more so, avoiding the boys whose hands wanted to wander places she wasn\'92t interested in going She had seen too many of her contemporaries get \'93caught\'94- a baby in the belly was as good as an anchor, holding you down to shallows forever , or at least until you were so old that all the adventure had been worked out of you. That was what happened to Mumma- \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}